Add documentation for Advanced Alerts (#89)
orbforge/orb-docs: docs/orb-app/notifications.md

### Accessing Notification Settings from Orb Settings Menu

1. Open the Orb app.
2. Go to the Orb settings menu (...).
3. Use the notification toggle to enable/disable notifications for that specific Orb.

<img src="../../images/orb-app/app-notification-orb-menu.png" alt="Notifications Orb Menu" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"

## Creating and Managing Alert Rules

1. In Orb Cloud, navigate to "Event Rules" in the menu.
  <img src="../../images/orb-app/cloud-menu-event-rules.png" alt="Manage Rules App Menu" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"/>

2. Click/tap on "Create Rule" in the top, left-hand corner
 <img src="../../images/orb-app/cloud-create-rule.png" alt="Create Rule" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"/>

3. Name the rule (tip: use a name that is descriptive)
4. Select the Orbs or Group of Orbs to which the rule applies
5. Choose the field that the rule will be based on.
6. Select the "period" or time threshold that will drive the alert. Options include: instant, 1 min, 2 min, 5 min, 10 min, 15 min, 30 min, 1 hr, 2 hr, 6 hr, 12 hr, 24 hr. Note: `instant` might be very noisy.

> 7. Select a Static Value (such as a Score below 80 or Download Speed below 100 Mbps) or Anomoly Detection (Orb will select a band based on the field and performance of your network experience).

Reviewer: anomaly

**Sensor Status**: Alerts about your Orb sensors going offline or coming back online.

### Advanced Events & Alerts

> Available in our paid subscription tiers, create rules and get alerted for changes in connectivity or performance including:

Author: ```suggestion
Available for all tiers, create rules and get alerted for changes in connectivity or performance including:
```

(We changed this recently, all accounts get access, just limitations in rule amount (default 2)

- Score changes: monitor for changes to Orb, Responsiveness, Reliability, and Speed Scores
- Location changes: monitor for changes to country, country code, state, city, or ISP name
- Network changes: monitor for changes to pubic IP address, Wi-Fi network, BSSID, connection type, local IP address, or MAC address
- Bandwidth changes: monitor for changes to download and upload speeds

## Notification Settings

### Accessing Notification Settings in the App

1. Open the Orb app.
2. Go to Settings > Notifications.

> 3. Allow Notifications: Toggling this allows the device to receive notifications from your Orbs.

Author: This is true for single-user organizations. If there is more than 1 user (or > 25 devices), the toggles disappear, and the user can only manage in orb-cloud.

Reviewer 2: Didn't realize that! Thanks for clarifying.

4. Manage space event rules: launches Orb Cloud where you can create and manage rules and destinations.

   <img src="../../images/orb-app/app-notification-menu.png" alt="Notifications Menu" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"/>

### Accessing Notification Settings from Orb Settings Menu

1. Open the Orb app.
2. Go to the Orb settings menu (...).
3. Use the notification toggle to enable/disable notifications for that specific Orb.

<img src="../../images/orb-app/app-notification-orb-menu.png" alt="Notifications Orb Menu" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"

## Creating and Managing Alert Rules

1. In Orb Cloud, navigate to "Event Rules" in the menu.
  <img src="../../images/orb-app/cloud-menu-event-rules.png" alt="Manage Rules App Menu" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"/>

2. Click/tap on "Create Rule" in the top, left-hand corner
 <img src="../../images/orb-app/cloud-create-rule.png" alt="Create Rule" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"/>

3. Name the rule (tip: use a name that is descriptive)
4. Select the Orbs or Group of Orbs to which the rule applies
5. Choose the field that the rule will be based on.

> 6. Select the "period" or time threshold that will drive the alert. Options include: instant, 1 min, 2 min, 5 min, 10 min, 15 min, 30 min, 1 hr, 2 hr, 6 hr, 12 hr, 24 hr

Author: ```suggestion
6. Select the "period" or time threshold that will drive the alert. Options include: instant, 1 min, 2 min, 5 min, 10 min, 15 min, 30 min, 1 hr, 2 hr, 6 hr, 12 hr, 24 hr. Note: `instant` might be very noisy.
```

7. Select a Static Value (such as a Score below 80 or Download Speed below 100 Mbps) or Anomoly Detection (Orb will select a band based on the field and performance of your network experience).
8. Select your preferred Sensitivty Level (Low, Medium, High, Custom)
9. Select "Create Rule"

 <img src="../../images/orb-app/cloud-create-rule-modal.png" alt="Create Rule Detail" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"/>

### Advanced Rule Settings

> Under advanced settings, you can set the "Compare Against" field for determining the delta in current performance to previous performance. Additionally, set the cooldown to minimize repeat alerts.

Author: ```suggestion
### Advanced Rule Settings
Under advanced settings, you can set the "Compare Against" field for determining the delta in current performance to previous performance. Additionally, set the cooldown to minimize repeat alerts. You can also select which destinations a rule should be send to.
```

## Creating and Managing Rule Alert Desinations

1. Navigate to the "Destinations" tab
<img src="../../images/orb-app/cloud-destination-tab.png" alt="Destination Tab" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"/>
2. Click/tap "Add Destination"
<img src="../../images/orb-app/cloud-add-destination.png" alt="Add Destination" width=40% style="margin-left: 2em;"/>
3. Name the destination
4. Select the type of destination
   - Space users: choose all or select users in your Orb space to receive alerts
   - Email: select a specific email address to send alerts to (example: orbalerts@company.com)
   - Webhook: send your alerts to a tool, dashboard, website, or more
   - Slack: Send your alerts to a Slack channel
   - Microsoft Teams: send your alerts to a Teams channel

> 5. Enter the desination or select users to receive alerts

Author: ```suggestion
5. Enter the destination or select users to receive alerts
```
